
Privacy Policy

TechnoPlus is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and safeguard your information when you use our mobile application "Dopamine".

Information We Collect

We do not collect any personal information or data from our users. The Application does not require you to provide any personal information to use it.

How We Use Your Information

Since we do not collect any personal information, we do not use or share your information in any way.

Security

We are dedicated to protecting the security of your information. However, please note that no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

Our Application may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children's Privacy

Our Application does not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 18. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take necessary action.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at dopamine@technoplus.dev
